Add rate limit page (#234)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: rate-limiting.mdx

This can lead to either an overload of your application or a rate limiter getting active, if you have one in place.

## Login / Authentication

If your application requires a login the configured test user is used for the agent discovery as well as for all the test runs. This could also lead to **hitting a limit of allowed logins**, depending on your login system.
If you are using a 3rd party login service, there are most likely security configurations in place that prevent users from logging in too frequently.

### OTP / 2FA

While Octomind is supporting a login with a **one time password (OTP)**, one of the most likely limits that a test run will hit, is how often the same OTP code can be used for login.

## Rate limiter

If your application is protected against [DoS Attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) with a [rate limiter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rate_limiting) it is very likely that Octomind test runs and/or discoveries will fail.
The easiest solutions is to configure and exception for our IP address: `35.192.162.70` and `34.159.153.198` (europe proxy) for white listing.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This can lead to either an overload of your application or a rate limiter getting active, if you have one in place.

## Login / Authentication

If your application requires a login the configured test user is used for the agent discovery as well as for all the test runs. This could also lead to **hitting a limit of allowed logins**, depending on your login system.
If you are using a 3rd party login service, there are most likely security configurations in place that prevent users from logging in too frequently.

### OTP / 2FA

While Octomind is supporting a login with a **one time password (OTP)**, one of the most likely limits that a test run will hit, is how often the same OTP code can be used for login.

## Rate limiter

If your application is protected against [DoS Attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) with a [rate limiter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rate_limiting) it is very likely that Octomind test runs and/or discoveries will fail.
The easiest solutions is to configure and exception for our IP address: `35.192.162.70` and `34.159.153.198` (europe proxy) for white listing.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This can lead to either an overload of your application or a rate limiter getting active, if you have one in place.

## Login / Authentication

If your application requires a login the configured test user is used for the agent discovery as well as for all the test runs. This could also lead to **hitting a limit of allowed logins**, depending on your login system.
If you are using a 3rd party login service, there are most likely security configurations in place that prevent users from logging in too frequently.

### OTP / 2FA

While Octomind is supporting a login with a **one time password (OTP)**, one of the most likely limits that a test run will hit, is how often the same OTP code can be used for login.

## Rate limiter

If your application is protected against [DoS Attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) with a [rate limiter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rate_limiting) it is very likely that Octomind test runs and/or discoveries will fail.
The easiest solutions is to configure and exception for our IP address: `35.192.162.70` and `34.159.153.198` (europe proxy) for white listing.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This can lead to either an overload of your application or a rate limiter getting active, if you have one in place.

## Login / Authentication

If your application requires a login the configured test user is used for the agent discovery as well as for all the test runs. This could also lead to **hitting a limit of allowed logins**, depending on your login system.
If you are using a 3rd party login service, there are most likely security configurations in place that prevent users from logging in too frequently.

### OTP / 2FA

While Octomind is supporting a login with a **one time password (OTP)**, one of the most likely limits that a test run will hit, is how often the same OTP code can be used for login.

## Rate limiter

If your application is protected against [DoS Attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) with a [rate limiter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rate_limiting) it is very likely that Octomind test runs and/or discoveries will fail.
The easiest solutions is to configure and exception for our IP address: `35.192.162.70` and `34.159.153.198` (europe proxy) for white listing.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To ensure a well defined behavior all requests are send through one fixed IP address: `35.192.162.70`

## Agent discovery

Agent discovery happens as if a human would use your web application, however most of the time the agent interacts with the website slightly faster than a human would.
There might also be more than one discovery run in parallel.

## Test runner

When you "run all" testcases or a scheduled run occurs on a given test target all activated test cases are run at once and with up to 20 parallel browser sessions.
This can lead to either an overload of your application or a rate limiter getting active, if you have one in place.

## Login / Authentication

If your application requires a login the configured test user is used for the agent discovery as well as for all the test runs. This could also lead to **hitting a limit of allowed logins**, depending on your login system.
If you are using a 3rd party login service, there are most likely security configurations in place that prevent users from logging in too frequently.

### OTP / 2FA

> While octomind ist supporting a login with a one time password (OTP), one of the most likely limits that a test run will hit, is how often the same OTP code 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Octomind is supporting a login with a **one time password (OTP)**, one of the most likely limits that a test run will hit, is how often the same OTP code can be used for login.
```

> can be used for login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Rate limiter

If your application is protected against [DoS Attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) with a [rate limiter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rate_limiting) it is very likely that Octomind test runs and/or discoveries will fail.

> The easiest solutions is to configure and exception for our IP address: `35.192.162.70` (white listing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest solutions is to configure and exception for our IP address: `35.192.162.70` and `34.159.153.198` (europe proxy) for white listing.
```

## Agent discovery

Agent discovery happens as if a human would use your web application, however most of the time the agent interacts with the website slightly faster than a human would.
There might also be more than one discovery run in parallel.

## Test runner

When you "run all" testcases or a scheduled run occurs on a given test target all activated test cases are run at once and with up to 20 parallel browser sessions.
This can lead to either an overload of your application or a rate limiter getting active, if you have one in place.

## Login / Authentication

If your application requires a login the configured test user is used for the agent discovery as well as for all the test runs. This could also lead to **hitting a limit of allowed logins**, depending on your login system.
If you are using a 3rd party login service, there are most likely security configurations in place that prevent users from logging in too frequently.

### OTP / 2FA

While octomind ist supporting a login with a one time password (OTP), one of the most likely limits that a test run will hit, is how often the same OTP code 
can be used for login.

## Rate limiter

> If your application is protected against [DoS Attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application is protected against [DoS Attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) with a [rate limiter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rate_limiting) it is very likely that Octomind test runs and/or discoveries will fail.
```

> [rate limiter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rate_limiting) it is very likely that octomind test runs and/or discoverys will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
title: Rate limiting
description: "What is rate limiting and how to deal with it."
icon: "gauge-max"
---

> Whenever the octomind agent is discovering your page or the test runner is executing test cases it is sending requests requests to your page (or your app).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever the octomind agent is discovering your page or the test runner is executing test cases it is sending requests to your page (or your app).
```

> To ensure a well defined behavior all requests are send through one fixed IP address: `35.192.162.70`

Reviewer 2: can we just link to the section with the IP so we don't duplicate it? Also there's 2 ;)

Reviewer: I will do another PR and I'll add it here.

## Agent discovery

> Agent discovery happens as if a human would use your web application, most of the time the agent interacts with the website slightly faster, than a human would
> and there will more than one discovery run in parallel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Agent discovery happens as if a human would use your web application, however most of the time the agent interacts with the website slightly faster than a human would.
There might also be more than one discovery run in parallel.
```

## Test runner

> When you do a "run all" or a scheduled run on a given test target all activated test cases are run at once and with up to 20 parallel browser sessions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you "run all" testcases or a scheduled run occurs on a given test target all activated test cases are run at once and with up to 20 parallel browser sessions.
```

This can lead to either an overload of your application or a rate limiter getting active, if you have one in place.

## Login / Authentication

> If your application requires login the configured test user is used for the agent discovery as well as for all the test runs. This could also lead to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your application requires a login the configured test user is used for the agent discovery as well as for all the test runs. This could also lead to 
```

> If your application requires a login the configured test user is used for the agent discovery as well as for all the test runs. This could also lead to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application requires a login the configured test user is used for the agent discovery as well as for all the test runs. This could also lead to **hitting a limit of allowed logins**, depending on your login system.
```

> "hitting a limit of allowed logins", depending on your login system. If your are using a 3rd party login service, there are most likely security configurations
> in place than prevent users from logging to frequently.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"hitting a limit of allowed logins", depending on your login system. If you are using a 3rd party login service, there are most likely security configurations
in place that prevent users from logging in too frequently.
```

> "hitting a limit of allowed logins", depending on your login system. If you are using a 3rd party login service, there are most likely security configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a 3rd party login service, there are most likely security configurations in place that prevent users from logging in too frequently.
```

> in place that prevent users from logging in too frequently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### OTP / 2FA

While octomind ist supporting a login with a one time password (OTP), one of the most likely limits that a test run will hit, is how often the same OTP code 
can be used for login.

## Rate limiter

If your application is protected against [DoS Attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) with a
[rate limiter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rate_limiting) it is very likely that octomind test runs and/or discoverys will fail.

> The easiest solutions is to configure and exception for our IP address: `35.192.162.70` (white listing).

Reviewer 2: same comment about linking to the IP adress section here

Reviewer: comes in the next PR :))))

Reviewer: working on it
